Reuslt for bnn.bnn >>>>>>>>>>
1 : A trapping study of the brush rabbit in the Berkeley%20Hills in northern California indicated that males had larger home ranges than females at all times of the year, and especially in May when females were moving the least. It is estimated the home ranges of the Brush Rabbit average just under 1 acre for males and just under 0.5 acre for females. The shape of these home ranges are usually circular but depending on the vegetation can be different in size and shape. Range use probably is not circular in shape or uniform, but rather consists of a series of runways that directly connect high use areas within brush habitat. Intraspecific socio-spatial behavior appears to be variable and may reflect local resource conditions. Several rabbits have been observed to feed in the same area simultaneously, but maintained inter-individual distances of one to 24 ft before aggressive chases occurred. It has been shown that females tended to not overlap while males showed relatively extensive overlapping and this may indicate that females are territorial. Groups of brush rabbits may serve social purposes, such as predator detection, but this has not been proven.
2 : The brush rabbit is not hunted as are many other cottontail species, probably because of its small size. It is not a major cause of damage to crops or other human developments in its habitat. Certain subspecies of the brush rabbit are considered endangered and are protected by state and federal laws.
3 : Brush rabbit mating, as with other rabbits, may occur year-round but peak breeding seasons are between February and August. The Gestation period of the brush rabbit female is about 22 days. A female brush rabbit can have as many as five Litter%20(animal)s per year but two to three is more common. One to seven young are born per litter and they are Altricial. The average number born per litter is three.
4 : While Prohibition was the law of the land, many U.S. residents began to cross the border into Mexico, where drinking was still legal.  Tijuana seemed to attract a more Speakeasy-oriented clientele, and Rosarito became a haven for the more well-heeled and Hollywood set. Rosarito was visited by Hollywood film stars such as Orson%20Welles and Dolores%20del%20R%C3%ADo who were attracted by hunting (deer, quail and rabbit) and fishing (lobster, abalone).  While Rita%20Hayworth was married to Prince%20Aly%20Khan, son of Aga%20Khan%20III, the two would visit the Rosarito Beach Hotel, take over an entire floor, and bring their own staff, including a personal chef.  Other Hollywood visitors included Mickey%20Rooney, Ava%20Gardner, Spencer%20Tracy and Katharine%20Hepburn.  In early 2008, Britney%20Spears made a one-day trip to Rosarito in an attempt to avoid the paparazzi; she failed.
5 : It has been noted that numbers of the eastern cottontail were brought west to reproduce and provide a food source for the settlers. The interbreeding of the two species has occurred where the Brush Rabbit has in parts of Oregon developed the white cottontail although retaining its smaller size.
6 : The brush rabbit inhabits dense, brushy cover, most commonly in Chaparral Vegetation. It also occurs in oak and conifer habitats and it will live in brush or grassland, and form networks of runways through the vegetation. The brush rabbit does not dig its own Burrow or den, but uses the burrow of other Species, brush piles, or forms. In the San%20Francisco%20Bay%20Area, it was found that the brush rabbit concentrates its activities at the edge of brush and exhibits much less use of grassy areas. It uses the interior brush of the wilderness and it was also found that this may be a better environment for it than the chaparral one. Studies done on the brush rabbit in Oregon also showed that it rarely left the brushy areas it inhabits. Brush may be used more in the drier Seasons while Grasses are used in the wetter seasons in relation to growth of annual vegetation. Use of Habitat%20(ecology) also probably is related to the Reproduction season.
7 : The brush rabbit is smaller than many of the other cottontails, and unlike most of them, the underside of its tail is grey rather than white (which may be why its common name does not include the word "cottontail"). The upperside of the brush rabbit's Fur varies from light brown to gray in color, while the underside is usually always white. Adult rabbits measure anywhere from 10每14 inches long and rarely weigh over two pounds.
8 : Large numbers of geographically defined subspecies have been proposed, including in Oregon, ''ubericolor''; in California, ''cinerascens'', ''mariposae'', ''riparius'', ''tehamae'' and ''trowbridgii''; and in Baja California, ''cerrosensis'', ''exiguus'', ''howelli'', ''peninsularis'' and ''rosaphagus''.  Subspecies ''bachmani'', ''macrorhinus'' and ''virgulti'' are less geographically restricted. ''Sylvilagus bachmani riparius'', the '''riparian brush rabbit''', is highly Endangered; formerly numerous along the San%20Joaquin%20River and Stanislaus%20River, it is now reduced to a population of a few hundred in the Caswell%20Memorial%20State%20Park. Of the various proposed subspecies, only the following are currently recognized; the others are synonyms: ''S. b. ubericolor'', ''S. b. cinerascens'', ''S. b. bachmani'', ''S. b. exiguus'', ''S. b. howelli'', ''S. b. cerrosensis''.<ref name=msw3/>
9 : The brush rabbit feeds mainly on grasses and Forbs, especially green Clover, though it will also take Berry and browse from bushes.
 
Reuslt for lnc.ltc >>>>>>>>>>
1 : The brush rabbit inhabits dense, brushy cover, most commonly in Chaparral Vegetation. It also occurs in oak and conifer habitats and it will live in brush or grassland, and form networks of runways through the vegetation. The brush rabbit does not dig its own Burrow or den, but uses the burrow of other Species, brush piles, or forms. In the San%20Francisco%20Bay%20Area, it was found that the brush rabbit concentrates its activities at the edge of brush and exhibits much less use of grassy areas. It uses the interior brush of the wilderness and it was also found that this may be a better environment for it than the chaparral one. Studies done on the brush rabbit in Oregon also showed that it rarely left the brushy areas it inhabits. Brush may be used more in the drier Seasons while Grasses are used in the wetter seasons in relation to growth of annual vegetation. Use of Habitat%20(ecology) also probably is related to the Reproduction season.
2 : Brush rabbit mating, as with other rabbits, may occur year-round but peak breeding seasons are between February and August. The Gestation period of the brush rabbit female is about 22 days. A female brush rabbit can have as many as five Litter%20(animal)s per year but two to three is more common. One to seven young are born per litter and they are Altricial. The average number born per litter is three.
3 : The brush rabbit is not hunted as are many other cottontail species, probably because of its small size. It is not a major cause of damage to crops or other human developments in its habitat. Certain subspecies of the brush rabbit are considered endangered and are protected by state and federal laws.
4 : A trapping study of the brush rabbit in the Berkeley%20Hills in northern California indicated that males had larger home ranges than females at all times of the year, and especially in May when females were moving the least. It is estimated the home ranges of the Brush Rabbit average just under 1 acre for males and just under 0.5 acre for females. The shape of these home ranges are usually circular but depending on the vegetation can be different in size and shape. Range use probably is not circular in shape or uniform, but rather consists of a series of runways that directly connect high use areas within brush habitat. Intraspecific socio-spatial behavior appears to be variable and may reflect local resource conditions. Several rabbits have been observed to feed in the same area simultaneously, but maintained inter-individual distances of one to 24 ft before aggressive chases occurred. It has been shown that females tended to not overlap while males showed relatively extensive overlapping and this may indicate that females are territorial. Groups of brush rabbits may serve social purposes, such as predator detection, but this has not been proven.
5 : The brush rabbit feeds mainly on grasses and Forbs, especially green Clover, though it will also take Berry and browse from bushes.
6 : While Prohibition was the law of the land, many U.S. residents began to cross the border into Mexico, where drinking was still legal.  Tijuana seemed to attract a more Speakeasy-oriented clientele, and Rosarito became a haven for the more well-heeled and Hollywood set. Rosarito was visited by Hollywood film stars such as Orson%20Welles and Dolores%20del%20R%C3%ADo who were attracted by hunting (deer, quail and rabbit) and fishing (lobster, abalone).  While Rita%20Hayworth was married to Prince%20Aly%20Khan, son of Aga%20Khan%20III, the two would visit the Rosarito Beach Hotel, take over an entire floor, and bring their own staff, including a personal chef.  Other Hollywood visitors included Mickey%20Rooney, Ava%20Gardner, Spencer%20Tracy and Katharine%20Hepburn.  In early 2008, Britney%20Spears made a one-day trip to Rosarito in an attempt to avoid the paparazzi; she failed.
7 : It has been noted that numbers of the eastern cottontail were brought west to reproduce and provide a food source for the settlers. The interbreeding of the two species has occurred where the Brush Rabbit has in parts of Oregon developed the white cottontail although retaining its smaller size.
8 : The brush rabbit is smaller than many of the other cottontails, and unlike most of them, the underside of its tail is grey rather than white (which may be why its common name does not include the word "cottontail"). The upperside of the brush rabbit's Fur varies from light brown to gray in color, while the underside is usually always white. Adult rabbits measure anywhere from 10每14 inches long and rarely weigh over two pounds.
9 : Large numbers of geographically defined subspecies have been proposed, including in Oregon, ''ubericolor''; in California, ''cinerascens'', ''mariposae'', ''riparius'', ''tehamae'' and ''trowbridgii''; and in Baja California, ''cerrosensis'', ''exiguus'', ''howelli'', ''peninsularis'' and ''rosaphagus''.  Subspecies ''bachmani'', ''macrorhinus'' and ''virgulti'' are less geographically restricted. ''Sylvilagus bachmani riparius'', the '''riparian brush rabbit''', is highly Endangered; formerly numerous along the San%20Joaquin%20River and Stanislaus%20River, it is now reduced to a population of a few hundred in the Caswell%20Memorial%20State%20Park. Of the various proposed subspecies, only the following are currently recognized; the others are synonyms: ''S. b. ubericolor'', ''S. b. cinerascens'', ''S. b. bachmani'', ''S. b. exiguus'', ''S. b. howelli'', ''S. b. cerrosensis''.<ref name=msw3/>
 
Reuslt for UL >>>>>>>>>>
1 : The brush rabbit feeds mainly on grasses and Forbs, especially green Clover, though it will also take Berry and browse from bushes.
2 : Brush rabbit mating, as with other rabbits, may occur year-round but peak breeding seasons are between February and August. The Gestation period of the brush rabbit female is about 22 days. A female brush rabbit can have as many as five Litter%20(animal)s per year but two to three is more common. One to seven young are born per litter and they are Altricial. The average number born per litter is three.
3 : The brush rabbit is not hunted as are many other cottontail species, probably because of its small size. It is not a major cause of damage to crops or other human developments in its habitat. Certain subspecies of the brush rabbit are considered endangered and are protected by state and federal laws.
4 : The brush rabbit inhabits dense, brushy cover, most commonly in Chaparral Vegetation. It also occurs in oak and conifer habitats and it will live in brush or grassland, and form networks of runways through the vegetation. The brush rabbit does not dig its own Burrow or den, but uses the burrow of other Species, brush piles, or forms. In the San%20Francisco%20Bay%20Area, it was found that the brush rabbit concentrates its activities at the edge of brush and exhibits much less use of grassy areas. It uses the interior brush of the wilderness and it was also found that this may be a better environment for it than the chaparral one. Studies done on the brush rabbit in Oregon also showed that it rarely left the brushy areas it inhabits. Brush may be used more in the drier Seasons while Grasses are used in the wetter seasons in relation to growth of annual vegetation. Use of Habitat%20(ecology) also probably is related to the Reproduction season.
5 : It has been noted that numbers of the eastern cottontail were brought west to reproduce and provide a food source for the settlers. The interbreeding of the two species has occurred where the Brush Rabbit has in parts of Oregon developed the white cottontail although retaining its smaller size.
6 : The brush rabbit is smaller than many of the other cottontails, and unlike most of them, the underside of its tail is grey rather than white (which may be why its common name does not include the word "cottontail"). The upperside of the brush rabbit's Fur varies from light brown to gray in color, while the underside is usually always white. Adult rabbits measure anywhere from 10每14 inches long and rarely weigh over two pounds.
7 : A trapping study of the brush rabbit in the Berkeley%20Hills in northern California indicated that males had larger home ranges than females at all times of the year, and especially in May when females were moving the least. It is estimated the home ranges of the Brush Rabbit average just under 1 acre for males and just under 0.5 acre for females. The shape of these home ranges are usually circular but depending on the vegetation can be different in size and shape. Range use probably is not circular in shape or uniform, but rather consists of a series of runways that directly connect high use areas within brush habitat. Intraspecific socio-spatial behavior appears to be variable and may reflect local resource conditions. Several rabbits have been observed to feed in the same area simultaneously, but maintained inter-individual distances of one to 24 ft before aggressive chases occurred. It has been shown that females tended to not overlap while males showed relatively extensive overlapping and this may indicate that females are territorial. Groups of brush rabbits may serve social purposes, such as predator detection, but this has not been proven.
8 : Large numbers of geographically defined subspecies have been proposed, including in Oregon, ''ubericolor''; in California, ''cinerascens'', ''mariposae'', ''riparius'', ''tehamae'' and ''trowbridgii''; and in Baja California, ''cerrosensis'', ''exiguus'', ''howelli'', ''peninsularis'' and ''rosaphagus''.  Subspecies ''bachmani'', ''macrorhinus'' and ''virgulti'' are less geographically restricted. ''Sylvilagus bachmani riparius'', the '''riparian brush rabbit''', is highly Endangered; formerly numerous along the San%20Joaquin%20River and Stanislaus%20River, it is now reduced to a population of a few hundred in the Caswell%20Memorial%20State%20Park. Of the various proposed subspecies, only the following are currently recognized; the others are synonyms: ''S. b. ubericolor'', ''S. b. cinerascens'', ''S. b. bachmani'', ''S. b. exiguus'', ''S. b. howelli'', ''S. b. cerrosensis''.<ref name=msw3/>
9 : While Prohibition was the law of the land, many U.S. residents began to cross the border into Mexico, where drinking was still legal.  Tijuana seemed to attract a more Speakeasy-oriented clientele, and Rosarito became a haven for the more well-heeled and Hollywood set. Rosarito was visited by Hollywood film stars such as Orson%20Welles and Dolores%20del%20R%C3%ADo who were attracted by hunting (deer, quail and rabbit) and fishing (lobster, abalone).  While Rita%20Hayworth was married to Prince%20Aly%20Khan, son of Aga%20Khan%20III, the two would visit the Rosarito Beach Hotel, take over an entire floor, and bring their own staff, including a personal chef.  Other Hollywood visitors included Mickey%20Rooney, Ava%20Gardner, Spencer%20Tracy and Katharine%20Hepburn.  In early 2008, Britney%20Spears made a one-day trip to Rosarito in an attempt to avoid the paparazzi; she failed.
 
Reuslt for UJM >>>>>>>>>>
1 : null
2 : null
3 : null
4 : null
5 : null
6 : null
7 : null
8 : null
9 : null
 
Reuslt for UDS >>>>>>>>>>
1 : The brush rabbit inhabits dense, brushy cover, most commonly in Chaparral Vegetation. It also occurs in oak and conifer habitats and it will live in brush or grassland, and form networks of runways through the vegetation. The brush rabbit does not dig its own Burrow or den, but uses the burrow of other Species, brush piles, or forms. In the San%20Francisco%20Bay%20Area, it was found that the brush rabbit concentrates its activities at the edge of brush and exhibits much less use of grassy areas. It uses the interior brush of the wilderness and it was also found that this may be a better environment for it than the chaparral one. Studies done on the brush rabbit in Oregon also showed that it rarely left the brushy areas it inhabits. Brush may be used more in the drier Seasons while Grasses are used in the wetter seasons in relation to growth of annual vegetation. Use of Habitat%20(ecology) also probably is related to the Reproduction season.
2 : A trapping study of the brush rabbit in the Berkeley%20Hills in northern California indicated that males had larger home ranges than females at all times of the year, and especially in May when females were moving the least. It is estimated the home ranges of the Brush Rabbit average just under 1 acre for males and just under 0.5 acre for females. The shape of these home ranges are usually circular but depending on the vegetation can be different in size and shape. Range use probably is not circular in shape or uniform, but rather consists of a series of runways that directly connect high use areas within brush habitat. Intraspecific socio-spatial behavior appears to be variable and may reflect local resource conditions. Several rabbits have been observed to feed in the same area simultaneously, but maintained inter-individual distances of one to 24 ft before aggressive chases occurred. It has been shown that females tended to not overlap while males showed relatively extensive overlapping and this may indicate that females are territorial. Groups of brush rabbits may serve social purposes, such as predator detection, but this has not been proven.
3 : Brush rabbit mating, as with other rabbits, may occur year-round but peak breeding seasons are between February and August. The Gestation period of the brush rabbit female is about 22 days. A female brush rabbit can have as many as five Litter%20(animal)s per year but two to three is more common. One to seven young are born per litter and they are Altricial. The average number born per litter is three.
4 : The brush rabbit is smaller than many of the other cottontails, and unlike most of them, the underside of its tail is grey rather than white (which may be why its common name does not include the word "cottontail"). The upperside of the brush rabbit's Fur varies from light brown to gray in color, while the underside is usually always white. Adult rabbits measure anywhere from 10每14 inches long and rarely weigh over two pounds.
5 : The brush rabbit is not hunted as are many other cottontail species, probably because of its small size. It is not a major cause of damage to crops or other human developments in its habitat. Certain subspecies of the brush rabbit are considered endangered and are protected by state and federal laws.
6 : The brush rabbit feeds mainly on grasses and Forbs, especially green Clover, though it will also take Berry and browse from bushes.
7 : It has been noted that numbers of the eastern cottontail were brought west to reproduce and provide a food source for the settlers. The interbreeding of the two species has occurred where the Brush Rabbit has in parts of Oregon developed the white cottontail although retaining its smaller size.
8 : In 1925, the International Boundary Commission was made a permanent organization responsible for surveying and mapping the boundary, maintaining boundary monuments (and Buoys where applicable), as well as keeping the boundary clear of brush and vegetation for 6 m. This "Border%20vista" extends for 3 m on each side of the line. Along the 49th parallel, the border vista is theoretically straight but in practice follows the 19th century surveyed border markers and varies by several hundred feet in spots.
9 : Large numbers of geographically defined subspecies have been proposed, including in Oregon, ''ubericolor''; in California, ''cinerascens'', ''mariposae'', ''riparius'', ''tehamae'' and ''trowbridgii''; and in Baja California, ''cerrosensis'', ''exiguus'', ''howelli'', ''peninsularis'' and ''rosaphagus''.  Subspecies ''bachmani'', ''macrorhinus'' and ''virgulti'' are less geographically restricted. ''Sylvilagus bachmani riparius'', the '''riparian brush rabbit''', is highly Endangered; formerly numerous along the San%20Joaquin%20River and Stanislaus%20River, it is now reduced to a population of a few hundred in the Caswell%20Memorial%20State%20Park. Of the various proposed subspecies, only the following are currently recognized; the others are synonyms: ''S. b. ubericolor'', ''S. b. cinerascens'', ''S. b. bachmani'', ''S. b. exiguus'', ''S. b. howelli'', ''S. b. cerrosensis''.<ref name=msw3/>
 
